Location:Actually address, hourse, phone , email
Classes:What is the real class list (reformer, mat, private, intro)? Levels, durations, capacity?
Instructors: Who is on the roster? Bios, certifications, photos available?
Pricing: Packages, intro offers, policies — do you have approved numbers
Testimonials / trust signals:  studio photos?
Booking:How exactly you want the booking to be



PIlates design:
1)From pilates rebulbic:
I olike the simple homepage landing page,also the fact that it does not need login to access it, but has the option to actually login in the account.
it should have differnt informaiotn in our.Add a book button at the start so it is easy ,also need to make more clear wehre to book .
Also the BOOK IS very good the design and i think we should use something similar or even exactly teh same.
The pricing is also good and simple , as we want it.
The RULES IS A NICE page to have that we should add also .
The fotter i do nto like that much it is very simpelistic and not profestional like.
OVERALL VERY GOOD WEBSTITE THAT ALLINGS WITH US for the first simple version that is functionaly and easy to use for clients.

2)Scout Studios:
The designn is mroe complex and better at som epoitns that Pilates rebublic,there are more videso that make it seem more professioanl this is good, also the 
moving pats can be used for our own in a fitting case that is appropirate.
The fotter is better .I realy like the prcing/memberiship page and desing i think it is very easy to use and underantd and we 
should do something similar.
The calsses page is also eay to use and has good layout and informaoitn 

OVERVIEW:Here overally the structure of the pages and the layout and the way the informaoint is shown is very nice and we should
replicate at points.
The desing and vidoes are nice at some points but the desing gets repetitive and tirint at some moments.
But we should use things form here as the ones i mention before,
SO FAR both 1 and 2) we should use things form
Also in both the header shows clearly all the pages , and that is what i want

3)gemini pilates:
Do not really like it , it is messy and not clear, do not use it

4)Uden pilates:
Different kind of pilates, online insead of on site.
The INstagram link should be someweher also in our page, maybe the icon not the text, also the brwose could be a future featrue but for now do nto put it.

OVERVIEW:Not use  uden pilates either(only the instagram but okay)


5)mindbodyOnline:
I like the offersings/pricing packages but okay i think the previous sites 1 and 2 are rougly the same.
We should have an instructors page with pictures and bio of the instructor.
Also the location on the map we should have it is a nice feature.
Thje fotter here is also much very professional , and we shoul dalso do the same style .

OVERVIEW:Has some nice extra features that the others 1 and 2 did not have that we should also add

6)Bright pilates:simps very simplistis, should not use it.

7)PilatesHarriet:
It is very personlized to the owner, thsi is not what our studio is so we should not follow this.
8)kinkpilaes:Not bad but i think the prevoius 1 and 2 and 5 will suffice and will be better insiareations and websties to copy from instead of this one so we should not use this eitehr.



































































































